---
name: Alexandra Karmiriam
description: Innovation Leader - Project Manager
image: "/images/content/socias/alexandra-karmiriam.jpg"
order: 3
---

Multidisciplinary, Strategic, Visual, Empathetic, Visionary, and Inquisitive. Believes that we need to connect to co-create, and then innovate, impact, and transform.

Works on the ideation and conception of impactful projects - both strategic and visual - involving innovation, communication, and sustainability in the cultural and socio-environmental realm. Currently pursuing a postgraduate degree in Project Management (Conquer 2023), with a specialization in Design Thinking (Echos Innovation Lab 2019) and a postgraduate degree in Photography and Image (Iuperj/Ucam 2017). Holds a degree in Industrial Design - PV (UniverCidade 2012.1) and has completed various courses and workshops in Photography and Innovation. Participated in innovation/sustainability projects for Americanas.com (Echos) and Shell (Ideation Week - Fábrica de Startups). Involved in an innovative project for sustainable food production and income generation (Aquaponia Chauá) and supports the Coletivo Raiz Orgânica Agricultura. Participated in the Design Thinking Conference SP (2018) and was an organizer, photographer, and facilitator at the Global Service Jam RJ 2023.

Received an award in Design at the Concurso Objeto Brasil - Book "Macro-Natureza" with original photographs focused on environmental preservation - exhibited at Conjunto Nacional in SP (2014) and Museu Oscar Niemeyer CB (2015). Since then, she has worked as a designer and curator on several books: "5 Sentidos Senses Sinne" (Momentos World - Artistic Cloud Center), "No Coração da Imagem" (Renato Balocco), and "Eu Fotógrafo | Eu Espectador" (Coletivo Nós da Pós). Supported the documentary "Mestre Sirso" (Emanuela Palma) as a designer and served as a still photographer for the documentary "Simbiose'' (Laura de Carvalho). Participated in collective exhibitions as a designer and photographer at Foto em Pauta, Centro Cultural Justiça Federal, Festival Internacional de Paraty, A Casa Foto Arte, Galeria Cândido Mendes, Centro Cultural dos Correios Niterói. Over the course of her career, she has worked with organizations such as Fundação Fiocruz, Checklist, Peltier Design, Inlinear, Prefeitura do Rio de Janeiro, Redbandana, Francesca Romana Diana, E-commerce do Grupo de Moda Soma, ONG Gastromotiva, and volunteered for 7 years at ONG TETO - BRASIL."
